nov 24 release (#742)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/news/2025-11-24-expanding-pathoplexus-marburg.mdx

---
layout: ../../layouts/NewsLayout.astro
title: "Expanding Pathoplexus: Marburg added"
---

<div>
    <a href="/news">News</a> > <b>Expanding Pathoplexus: Marburg added</b>
</div>

# Expanding Pathoplexus: Marburg added

*By the Pathoplexus Team - 24 November 2025*

> Today, Pathoplexus launches an additional viral pathogen: Marburg. Marburg is a hemorrhagic fever virus of the Filoviridae family (the same family which includes Ebola viruses). Marburg virus (MARV) is a member of the Marburgvirus genus, which also includes the close relative Ravn virus (RAVN). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, Pathoplexus launches an additional viral pathogen: Orthomarburgvirus, a member of the Filoviridae family which also includes Ebola viruses. The Orthomarburgvirus genus contains two species: Marburg virus (MARV) and Ravn virus (RAVN).
```
